Intent: To design  and  implement  an  object-oriented  database  system  thatt racks activities for a small warehouse.  
Some business terms:

    Client:Customers who order things from warehouse

    Product:Items that are stocked in the warehouse.

    Supplier:Companies  from  where  warehouse  procures  products.   Every  supplier  has  a  speci cpurchase pricefor each product 
    they supply.

    Sale price:Price paid by the customer for a speci c product.

    Order:A client's request for a list of products and associated quantities.

    Invoice:A list of products, associated quantities and cost for a package that is being shipped toa client.
    
The warehouse system has the following requirements:

    1.  Adding  clients,  products  and  suppliers.   Note  that  deletion  is  not  required.The ID forclients must be 
    generated by the system.Allow  adding  multiple  products  in  oneactivity.
    
    2.  Tracking product and suppliers. The supply (purchase) price must be stored for each (product,supplier) pair.  We need to 
    query the list of suppliers for a product.
    
    3.  Keeping track of inventory.  For each product we track the sale price, amount in stock, andthe list of wait-listed orders 
    for that product.

    4.  Keeping track of customer transactions. Whenever there is a transaction involving a customer,the  system  keeps  a 
    record.   Each  transaction  has  just  a  date,  a  descriptive  string  and  annumber (for a dollar amount).

    5.  Accept  and  Process  Clients'  orders.   Each  client  has  a  shopping  cart  which  holds  a  set  ofproducts and 
    associated quantities; products(with quantities) are added to the shopping cartone by one.  When the customer places an order,
    the system generates an order using theentire contents of the shopping cart.  Details of the order are recorded.  When the 
    order isprocessed, the system creates aninvoicethat shows all the products and quantities that canbe shipped at that time.  
    The items that cannot be lled are wait-listed.  Order Processing can be done concurrently with the placing of the order, or in 
    a separate operation.  The amountdue is debited to the Clients' account.

    6.  Generating  an  invoice.   An  invoice  consists  of  a  set  of  products  with  associated  quantitiesand sale prices, 
    and a total cost.  Invoices result when customer orders are processed or whenwait-listed items become available.

    7.  Accept payment from a customer.  The amount is credited to the customer's account.  Notethat a client order can be 
    processed and shipped before the payment has been made.  In otherwords, placing and processing the orders is independent of 
    the payment process.

    8.  Accept a shipment from a supplier.  Clerk provides productid and quantity.  wait-listed ordersmust be  lled  rst, before 
    inventory is updated.  When the wait-listed orders are being  lled,the system displays each one in turn, and the clerk answers 
    Y/N. If the clerk answers Y, theorder is  lled; otherwise the system moves to the next one until it either runs out of stock 
    orreaches the end of the wait-list.  Any remaining quantity is added to the inventory.

    9.Queries to be processed.The following queries must be handled:List all transactions for a speci ed client.List all 
    manufacturers and their prices for a given product.List all clients who have an outstanding balance.List all products, 
    quantity in stock, and total quantity of outstanding(waitlisted) orders.

    10.Other miscellanea.As you build the system you will need some queries to verify that thesystem is behaving correctly.  These 
    should be added as required.  Your overall submission willbe evaluated for testability - whenever a business process is 
    completed, it should be possibleto easily query the system and verify that the appropriate changes were made
